This is a night party, who dares to teach?
You always come too
You always come to him
But the four suns of Wanjia in Tianhai
Tonight's meeting
But he can afford it
You will always be the guardian of the sea.
The whole sky and sea
Even if you don’t know how to take care of Wanjiasui,
Aren't you tough-talking?
Do you dare to tell me?
Guardian of the sky and sea
You can too, it's me
To protect the sky and the sea
You also have no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no